Hui Ye Hui Ye
They made me say that
We just arrived at the hospital.
Hundreds of people came around us
You are rubbish
You said you wanted to protect my Kun Ye Hui Ye
This kind of thinking has caught a life-saving straw
Then the feeling of falling into the abyss again
Not feeling good
It's your woman who did it
I expected you to fight with my mother and Yaoyao
So I made Qinghong prepare to kill you in advance
I wanted to give you another chance
But you shouldn't have done anything to my mother and Yaoyao
Hey Chairperson Dong
How about the chairperson?
Li Hui brought people back
Don't mention it
The uncle went, but he was also detained
What is the other person?
Even Li Hui can't handle it, he doesn't know
You can post this, Safflower, and tell them.
No matter who
As long as you bring the eldest young master and Li Hui back
Old Sun gave him 5 million
Whoever you are
Dare to oppose my Zhao family
I ripped your skin off